README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Added Signup Page and Header modified

README.md, after:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/46aae12c-15dc-4c13-9398-101a09bf269a)

# MyBusTicket: _Your Kolkata Bus Guru_
https://mybusticket.vercel.app/


Hey there! Feeling overwhelmed by Kolkata's bus system? You're not alone! This app is here to be your friendly guide, especially if you're new to the city. Built by yours truly, Alapan, MyBusTicket helps you navigate the ins and outs of getting around Kolkata by bus.

## What can MyBusTicket do?

### Search by Route
https://mybusticket.vercel.app/search-route

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6cd0f874-62c1-4b46-a72e-c828dfa4c915)

Ever felt lost trying to figure out which bus to take? No worries! Search for buses between any two places in Kolkata using landmarks or locality names you recognize. Think "Park Street to Howrah Station" or "Golpark to Alipore Zoo." Easy peasy!

### Search by Bus Number
https://mybusticket.vercel.app/search-number

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/773c0ba9-0468-4151-8763-ccf13d4691e2)

Got the bus number but clueless about its route? MyBusTicket has you covered! Look up the number and see exactly where that bus goes. No more wrong turns!

## Making Kolkata Easier to Explore
This app is all about making your commute smoother and exploring Kolkata more enjoyable. Whether you're a seasoned Kolkatan or a curious newcomer, MyBusTicket is here to be your bus buddy!
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c4fd04c9-8f8e-43ef-8103-d06175fd72f5)

## Wanna Lend a Hand?

This project is still under construction, but with your help, it can become even better! If you're a developer with some ideas to improve MyBusTicket, we'd love to hear them! Just check out the CONTRIBUTING.md file for details.

## License
MyBusTicket is licensed under the MIT License (see LICENSE.md for details).
